Intern Task

Problem Prepare a simple app that shows list of posts and details
showcase using flutter implementing the following APIs:

Tasks \* A screen to show list of users using following api: \*
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users { Use name, id and username }
\* A detail screen page that has all the detail of the user in different
cards using following api: \* https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users
{ Use all the parameters given in the api } \* A search bar in User list
page and add search feature with name, id or username \* Use animation
in navigation and while loading the details list card \* Must follow any
state management approach while showing the data from api \* Follow
clean code architecture if you can Once loaded, the data (both user
lists and details page ) should persist. Any persistence mechanism can
be used, i.e., cache or database.

NOTE \* You have to build an application using Flutter. \* Use your own
creative design id for UI. It's important Criteria for judgment \*
Proper use of naming conventions for Widgets, files, functions. \*
Object Oriented approach used in projects. \* Proper code and widget
separation and use of widgets. \* State management approach you have
followed \* Clean code architecture and Creative UI

Bonus points \* Proper state management \* Use of proper animations. \*
If you write a readme file which contains screenshots and a short
description of your application. \* Use of 3rd party libraries
meaningfully.

Extra features These are optional features. Implementing them will give
you extra points. \* Show list of users \*
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users \* Show the users posts,
albums and photos. \* Posts:
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users/{user\_id}/posts \* Todos:
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users/{user\_id}/todos \* Albums:
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users/{user\_id}/albums \* Photos:
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/albums/{album\_id}/photos \* The
posts, albums and todos should be either in Tabs or BottomNavigation. \*
Implement add, delete, update of todos for user. \*
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/guide.html
